Oxford bookworms starter the girl with red hair by Christine Lindop published
and copyright Oxford University Press 2009 read by Wayne Forrester
chapter one Wow my name is Mark Sellers I'm 22 years old and I work in
security in Mason's store you can get everything here books TVs hats flowers
sandwiches beds bicycles it's interesting work and I like it
sometimes I walk around in the store and sometimes I work in the office
Leon and Xiaomi work in security too I like working with them look at this
woman Leon says which hat is best for her blue or black I look at the woman on
the screen oh the black hat I say no says Xiaomi the blue hat is nicer we
watch and wait in the end the woman takes the blue hat hooray says Xiaomi you
to know nothing about hats yes it's interesting work today I'm watching the
screens I'm looking at a man with a big bag he's got a clock in his hand he
looks around slowly now he's got a clock in his bag the man walks to the door I
talk on my radio Xiaomi walks quietly behind the man when he gets to the door
she puts her hand on his arm please come with me she says could I go back to the
screens and then I see her wow who's that girl what girl I can see lots of
girls Leon says now the picture on the screen is bigger that girl there with
red hair Leon looks at the screen hmm yes she's okay but who is she I don't
know why don't you go and ask her mark he loves and walks away but I can't stop
looking at the screen who is that beautiful girl what is her name I want to
meet her every day I look for the girl with red hair but I do not see her where
is she Leon says every day where's the girl with red hair mark what's her name
oh stop it Leon says Xiaomi mark and dream can't he I laugh at first but after
three days I want to hit Leon then suddenly I see her again I am watching a
woman with a big bag and then there she is the girl with red hair she's got green
eyes too but there is a baby with her a little boy they are looking at a book
about trains look Greg she says look at the big train the little boy smiles he's
got red hair and green eyes too her baby so has she got her husband a boyfriend I
look at her beautiful green eyes again and then I go back to work but there are
lots of questions in my head she comes to the store on Wednesday mornings she
usually arrives at about 11 o'clock how's your girl asks Leon she's not my girl I say
I don't know her name her little boy's name is Greg but she's the girl with red hair
well let's give her a name says Leon what do you think Xiaomi hmm
scarlet her name is scarlet says Xiaomi apples are red says Leon Apple is a nice name then he
looks at my face and runs out the door
chapter two boo-hoo next Wednesday I am in the store when the girl with red hair comes in
with Greg she stops and looks at a picture Greg takes his hat off and drops it I pick up the
hat and go over to her excuse me I say is this your little boy's hat she smiles at me oh thank you
she says Greg look it's your hat Greg laughs she puts out her hand and takes the hat from me is
she wearing a ring no there is no ring on her hand Wednesday is the best day of the week I think 10
minutes later I am near the flowers when Leon speaks to me on my radio mark go to the door he
says you must stop her the girl with red hair what what's happening I say go quickly now it's the
little boy he's got one of the red planes those red planes children take them all the time because
they like the color then they get to the door and the alarm rings children cry and their mothers get
angry I hate those planes when I get to the door the alarm is ringing the girl with red hair is
standing there and her face is red what's happening she says please come back into the store for a
minute I say we go back into the store and the alarm stops this young man has got the answer I
think where's the plane I say to Greg
plane says Greg and he waves a little red plane at us oh I am sorry she says it's all right I say
it happens all the time can I have the plane good boy thank you very much says the girl with
red hair but the alarm is ringing again I must go I walk into the office upstairs
Shami is watching the screams she stops and looks at my face she says nothing but she smiles then she
goes back to work I look at the screens too but I am dreaming I'm happy I'm really happy
but how can I meet her again I think about this for the next six days but I can't find any answers
then it's Wednesday again I'm sitting in the office watching the screens
10 o'clock comes and goes then 11 o'clock I can't see her
I look on every screen in the store in the end I see her near the door she's looking at her watch
and talking to Greg is she waiting for somebody perhaps she's meeting somebody
perhaps she's late perhaps her mother is coming perhaps but now she's waving at somebody
a good looking man in a black jacket walks up to the girl with red hair and kisses her
Greg laughs and the man picks him up and kisses him too is he the baby's father of course he is
anybody can see that I don't want to look but I can't take my eyes away from the screen
then they all go down the road away from the store I look around the room
Leon and Charmy are in the store and the room is very quiet it feels cold
then Leon and Charmy come in now that's not a happy face Charmy says what's the matter
I tell them I tell them about the girl with red hair and Greg and the good looking man
and the kiss Leon looks at my face and thinks for a minute
look Mark he says it's a dream that's all you see a nice girl you think about her
you talk to her and one day her boyfriend arrives boo-hoo you stop dreaming
but there are always more girls
yes but I say and then I stop
but they're not the girl with red hair right says Leon but she's got a boyfriend
you need a different girl Mark a girl without a boyfriend why don't you come out with us tonight
we're going to ocean blue it's a wonderful club and there are lots of nice girls there
I don't really want to go but I don't want to stay at home and do nothing
okay then I say good man says Leon see you there at nine
chapter three yay
the club is dark there's a lot of noise
and a lot of people but the music is good Leon is there with his girlfriend Ellie
I talk to them and their friends I'm feeling good perhaps tonight I can forget about everything
Leon and Ellie are dancing so I go to get a drink
Leon is right about one thing there are a lot of nice girls at ocean blue
tall girls interesting girls girls with black hair blue hair and red hair red hair
I'm waiting for my drink and I'm standing next to the girl with red hair no two girls with red hair
is this really happening
the girl with red hair looks at me and smiles just a minute she says don't I know you
she's talking to me why can't I say anything
in the store I say at last in mason's store with your little boy and the red plane
the girl with red hair laughs oh with Greg she says I remember
but he isn't my baby he's clairs this is my sister Claire she's his mother the second girl with red hair waves at me
but I always see you with him I say I look after Greg on Wednesday mornings
and we always go to masons she says then I meet Claire
well usually that is but not this week just then a good looking man in a black jacket arrives
sorry I'm late he says and kisses Claire hi Kate Claire smiles at him and the girl with red hair says hello
I'm starting to understand this is Claire's husband and Greg's father and the girl with red hair is called Kate
my face is red hey I'm sorry I say to Kate it's well Greg's got your hair and your eyes
but I can see now he's got clairs hair and eyes of course it's okay Kate says
it happens all the time people say isn't your little boy happy and sometimes I just say yes he is
Claire and her husband go off to dance and I get Kate a drink here you are Kate my name's Mark
Mark thanks Mark she says so you work in masons yes I say I work in security I look for little boys with red
planes and girls with red hair and do you find them I find lots of little boys with red planes
and the girls just one now I have the answers to my questions the girl with red hair is Kate
she hasn't got her husband and she hasn't got a baby and those green eyes are smiling at me
yes Wednesday really is the best day of the week